>> Tucker: WELL, OCASIO-CORTEZ
NOT WORRIED ABOUT LOSING JOBS
BECAUSE MORE JOBS WILL BE MADE
BY THE GREEN YOU DEAL
THANK YOU VERY MUCH FOR COMING
ON.
YOU ARE ONE OF THE FOUNDERS OF
ONE OF THE MOST ENVIRONMENTAL
DON'T MAKE THEM AS ENVIRONMENT
ORGANIZATIONS IN THE WORLD AND
YOU THINK THE GREEN NEW DEAL
SOUNDS TERRIFYING.
TELL US WHY?
>> BECAUSE IT WOULD BE BASICALLY
THE END OF CIVILIZATION IF 85%
OF THE WORLD AND ALSO 85% OF THE
U.S.'S ENERGY IS IN THE FORM OF
COAL, OIL, NATURAL GAS WERE
PHASED OUT OVER THE NEXT FEW
YEARS.
LIKE TEN YEARS.
WE DID NOT HAVE ANYTHING TO
REPLACE THEM WITH.
YES, IF WE WENT INTO A CRASH
COURSE OF BUILDING NUCLEAR
REACTORS, WE COULD REPLACE THEM
FOR PRODUCING ELECTRICITY.
BUT THAT ISN'T GOING TO HAPPEN
BECAUSE THE GREENS ARE AGAINST
NUCLEAR AND THEY ARE EVEN
AGAINST HYDROELECTRIC DAMS WHICH
AT LEAST IS RENEWABLE.
BUT THEY DON'T SUPPORT THAT
EITHER.
SO BASICALLY THEY ARE OPPOSED TO
APPROXIMATELY 98.5% OF ALL THE
ELECTRICITY THAT WE ARE USING
AND NEARLY 100% OF ALL OF THE
VEHICLE AND TRANSPORTATION AND
SHIPS AND PLANES THAT WE ARE
USING.
SO I JUST -- WHEN I TWEETED THE
OTHER DAY AND HAD A HUGE
RESPONSE, OVER 3 MILLION
IMPRESSIONS ON TWITTER, WHEN I
SAID YOU DON'T HAVE A PLAN TO
FEED 8 BILLION PEOPLE WITHOUT
FOSSIL FUELS.
OR GET THE FOOD INTO THE CITIES
WHERE IT'S NEEDED FOR THAT NEEDS
COMIC REQUIRES LARGE TRUCKS PER
THERE'S NOT GOING TO BE ELECTRIC
TRUCKS ANYTIME SOON HAULING
40 TONS OF FOODS IN THE
SUPERMARKETS WHERE PEOPLE IN THE
CITY PROBABLY THINKS IT
ORIGINATES IN THE SUPERMARKET,
BUT IT DOES NOT.
IT'S COMING FROM FARMS OUT IN
THE COUNTRY WHERE A FEW MILLION
PEOPLE ARE GROWING THE FOOD FOR
ALL THE REST OF THE POPULATION.
AND IF WE BAN FOSSIL FUELS,
FIRST AGRICULTURAL PRODUCTION
WOULD COLLAPSE IN A VERY SHORT
PERIOD OF TIME.
THERE ARE THESE THINGS CALLED
TRACTORS AND THEY USE FUEL.
AND ALL THE OTHER IMPLEMENTS ON
THE FARM.
AND THEN THERE IS THE
TRANSPORTATION.
SO WHEN YOU HAVE NO FUEL, HOW DO
YOU GET THE FOOD TO THE CENTER
OF NEW YORK, TO MANHATTAN, WHERE
AOC IS FROM?
YOU DON'T.
THEN THE PEOPLE THERE WILL BEGIN
TO STARVE.
AND THAT WILL SPREAD OUT AS A
ROCK FROM THE CENTER OF THE
METROPOLISES ALL ACROSS THE
COUNTRY AND HALF THE POPULATION
WILL DIE IN A VERY SHORT
PERIOD OF TIME.
AS I ALSO POINTED OUT, THERE
WOULDN'T BE A TREE LEFT ON THIS
PLANET.
SAY THIS WAS A WORLDWIDE THING.
THE UNITED STATES ISN'T GOING TO
BAN FOSSIL FUELS IF NO ONE ELSE
DOES.
BUT SAY THE PARIS AGREEMENT CAME
INTO EFFECT FULLY ALL AROUND THE
WORLD AND EVERYBODY BAN FOSSIL
FUELS.
THERE WOULDN'T BE A TREE LEFT ON
THIS PLANET BECAUSE THAT WOULD
BE ALL THERE WAS FOR FUEL FOR
HEATING AND COOKING AS THEY DID
IN THE OLD DAYS WHEN THERE WAS
HARDLY ANYBODY ON THE PLANET
COMPARED TO WHAT THERE IS TODAY.
SO JUST THAT ONE POINT -- NEVER
MIND THE INSANITY OF BANDING
AIRCRAFT AND FOSSIL FUELS USING
VEHICLES.
>> Tucker: YOU JUST COMPLETELY
BLEW MY MIND.